README.md, before:

# geant4-docker

Docker files for geant4 installation

## Base images:

- [Almalinux](https://hub.docker.com/_/almalinux)
- [Fedora](https://hub.docker.com/_/fedora)
- [Ubuntu](https://hub.docker.com/_/ubuntu)

## Naming and Tags Conventions

- **ostype**: fedora36, ubuntu22, almalinux9
- **geant4_version**: examples: 10.6.2, 10.7.4, 11.2.1
- **gemc_version**: examples: 5.4, 5.7, dev
- **install_dir**: software installation directory.  
  - **local**: /usr/local
  - **cvmfs**: /cvmfs/oasis.opensciencegrid.org/jlab/geant4

<br/>

### Base containers:

**jeffersonlab/base:'ostype'**


### Geant4 containers:

**jeffersonlab/sim:g4v**'geant4_version'**-**'ostype'**-**'install_dir' 


### Gemc containers: 

**jeffersonlab/gemc:**'gemc_version'**-g4v**'geant4_version'**-**'ostype'**-**'install_dir'

<br/>

Examples:

- jeffersonlab/base:fedora36
- jeffersonlab/sim:g4v10.6.2-fedora36-local
- jeffersonlab/gemc:5.4-g4v10.6.2-fedora36-local
- jeffersonlab/sim:g4v10.7.4-ubuntu22-cvmfs
- jeffersonlab/gemc:5.7-g4v10.7.4-ubuntu22-cvmfs
- jeffersonlab/sim:g4v11.2.1-almalinux9-cvmfs


# Build base images:

```
./create_dockerfile.py fedora36
```

Commit message:

added root for ubuntu, testing all base builds

README.md, after:

# geant4-docker

Docker files for geant4 installation

## Base images:

- [Almalinux](https://hub.docker.com/_/almalinux)
- [Fedora](https://hub.docker.com/_/fedora)
- [Ubuntu](https://hub.docker.com/_/ubuntu)

## Naming and Tags Conventions

- **ostype**: fedora36, ubuntu22, almalinux9
- **geant4_version**: examples: 10.6.2, 10.7.4, 11.2.1
- **gemc_version**: examples: 5.4, 5.7, dev
- **install_dir**: software installation directory.  
  - **local**: /usr/local
  - **cvmfs**: /cvmfs/oasis.opensciencegrid.org/jlab/geant4

<br/>

### Base containers:

**jeffersonlab/base:'ostype'**


### Geant4 containers:

**jeffersonlab/sim:g4v**'geant4_version'**-**'ostype'**-**'install_dir' 


### Gemc containers: 

**jeffersonlab/gemc:**'gemc_version'**-g4v**'geant4_version'**-**'ostype'**-**'install_dir'

<br/>

Examples:

- jeffersonlab/base:fedora36
- jeffersonlab/sim:g4v10.6.2-fedora36-local
- jeffersonlab/gemc:5.4-g4v10.6.2-fedora36-local
- jeffersonlab/sim:g4v10.7.4-ubuntu22-cvmfs
- jeffersonlab/gemc:5.7-g4v10.7.4-ubuntu22-cvmfs
- jeffersonlab/sim:g4v11.2.1-almalinux9-cvmfs


## Automated builds from docker hub

- source: JeffersonLab/geant4-docker
- source type: branch, main
- docker tag: see tags below
- You can specify the Dockerfile location as a path relative to the build context. 
- The build context is the path to the files needed for the build, 
  relative to the root of the repository. 
  Enter the path to these files in the Build context field. 
  Enter / to set the build context as the root of the source code repository.
